Add PostCSS usage notes to page (#347)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/styling.md

- **Vue**: `<style lang="scss">`
- **Svelte**: `<style lang="scss">`

## PostCSS

> Astro comes with PostCSS included as part of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#postcss). To configure PostCSS for your project. Make a `postcss.config.js` in the root of the project directory. Import plugins from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=postcss). Using `require()` we apply additional plugins to the configuration file.    

Reviewer: Some grammar, some opinion, feel free to pick n mix 😉 

```suggestion
Astro comes with PostCSS included as part of [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#postcss). To configure PostCSS for your project, create a `postcss.config.js` file in the project root. You can import plugins using `require()`.
```

```js

> //./postcss.config.js
> // Import a PostCSS plugin (https://www.postcss.parts/)
> const postcssPresetEnv = require('postcss-preset-env');
> 
> module.export={
>   // Plugins as an Array
>   plugins:[
>    postcssPresetEnv({
>      //Plugin options
>    }),
>   autoprefixer({
>     ...options
>   }),
>   ],
>   // Plugins as an object
>   plugins:{
>     postcssPresetEnv:{...options},
>     autoprefixer:{...options},
>   }
> }

Reviewer: What do you think about trimming this example down a bit for clarity?

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
// ./postcss.config.js

module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    require('postcss-preset-env'),
    require('autoprefixer'),
  ],
};
```

I’m not sure we need to show every possible configuration style, just something to get folks started.

Reviewer 2: Shorter is often good for cognitive load! Do we feel the need to show what it looks like with options?

Reviewer: I don’t think either of these plugins have commonly used options. PostCSS’s own README literally doesn’t show how to use options 😆

```

> 
> ---

Reviewer: I find the horizontal rule after the code block looks a bit off, so maybe remove this too? But this is just me nitpicking.

```suggestion
```

<img width="826" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/357379/163021916-62ea4af4-9714-45f9-8cb4-2bb235f7afaa.png">

Reviewer 2: We typically don't use these in the rest of the docs, so I'd probably remove for consistency. The code sample gives a nice separation itself, I think.
